1. apt
        1. (adj) inclined, prone, disposed : ~ 하는 경향이 있다
                Chris is apt to forget the names of most people.
                Eric thought that Seokwon is inclined to be lazy when he has assignments,but he was inclined to trust him.
                Old people's bornes are more prone to fracture.
                I am not disposed to argue.
                He seems favourably disposed to the move.
                
        2. (adj) appropriate, proper, suitable : 적당한
                Hotels are apt places to give a dinner party.
                They are inclined to discover appropriate palce to defence when they are playing shooting game.
                Write your signiture on the proper blank.
                The hunt is on for a suitable candiate.
                Seokwon seems eminently suitable for the job.
                
                
2. astonish
        (v) surprise, astound, shock : 놀라게 하다
                James was astonished to be chosen for such a prestigious award.
                He gasped with surprise at her strength.
                It was a feat which would astound the world.
                The news came as a shock.
                He is in for a shock.

3. chronically
        (adv) constantly, persistently(고집스레, 끈질기게), continuously : 만성적으로, 연속적으로, 끊임없이
                The chronically late employee was punished by his boss.
                This is one of the chronically congested sections.
                The sun is constantly evaporating the earth's moisture.
                I am constantly trying to study for graduation.
                I will persistently claims it is illigal.
                I talked continuously about why he hadn't been able to keep his promise.
                
4. daub
        (v) coat, cover, plaster, slather : 흠뻑 칠하다
                Jeffrey decorated his room by daubing red paint in patches all over his walls.
                The crack in the wall had been filled with plaster.
                Always slather sunscreen, using at least SPF15.

5. domain
        1. (n) region, area, territory : 지역, 영토
                Sinchi Roca, the second emperor, made no military campaigns to add land to the lnca domain.
                The wine from this region is rich and fruity.
                The area is valued for its vineyards.
                The war was carried into enemy territory.
                
        2. (n) area, field, sphere : 분야, 영역
                Once the domain of experts, computer programming can be made easy with new software.
                I am interesting about domain of data science since last year.
                The field regarding software is raising for the future.
                Things outside one's sphere.
                
6. enthusiastic
        (adj) eager, ardent, zealous : 열광적인, 간절히 바라는, 열정적인
                The citizenry was enthusiatstic about the president's decision to cut taxes by ten precent.
                I don't sound very eager about the idea.
                He is an ardent student who tries to remember everything he has learned.
                I made zealous efforts before returning back to school at spring quearter.

7. extend
        1. (v) stretch, reach, range : 걸쳐 있다
                The Sahara desert extends far and wide.
                The landscape seemed to stretch into infinity.
                Use shears with a long reach for cutting high hedges.
                Eric's vocal range spanned three octaves.
        
        2. (v) expand, enlarge, increase, prolong, lengthen : 확장하다, 늘리다
                Thomas Jefferson extended the territory of the United States with the Louisiana Purchase.
                There are no plans to enlarge the local airport
                Could you expand on that point, please?
                Eager care could prolong a sick person's life.
                I need to lengthen this pants.
                
8. feat
        (n) achievement, accomplishment, exploit : 업적
                The Taj Mahal is considered a remarkable feat of engineering.
                His achievement is learning coding skill and speaking English for tha vacatiion.
                This is indeed a remarkable accomplishment.
                This exploit is unlikely ever to be equalled.
                
9. fulfill
        1. (v) accomplish, achieve, execute : 성취하다
                Everyone wnats to fulfill their wildest dreams.
                Finally I achieve to go to the university that I want.
                I only had 2 months to accomplish new project.
                exectuing to study all day is indeed hard.
                
        2. (v) satisfy, meet : 만족시키다
                The contract clauses fulfilled our requirements.
                Her explaination did not satisfy the teacher.
                Nothing would meet her greed for power.

10. give over to
        (phr)dedicate, devote, commit : 헌신하다, 바치다
                John Brown gave his life over to the cause against slavery.
                I decided to dedicate herself to studying.
                I don't want to devote my life to a transient gleam of hope.
                You don't have to commit yourself now, just think about it.
                
11. heavy
        (adj) ponderous, weighty, burdensome : 무거운, 고된
                The roof of the cabin collapsed under the heavy weight of the snow.
                She watched the cow's ponderous progress.
                The soldiers' steps were heavy and weighty.
                Paying the tuition in a lump sum was burdensome for my family.

12. hibernation
        (n) sleep, dormancy : 동면
                Hibernation in winter is common in certain mammal species.
                The bear goes into sleep during the autumn.
                Animals consume copious amounts of food before dormancy.

13. illusion
        (n) false, impression 착각, 오해
                The magician created the illusion that the woman's head was removed from her body.
                He is under the false that he will get the job.
                He could no longer distinguish between impression and reality.
                
14. intrigue
        1. (v) attract, fascinate, interest : 끌다
                Young Albert was inttrigued by the mysteries of science.
                She tried to attract the attention of the waiter.
                The private lives of movie stars never fail to fascinate.
                She pretended an interest she did not feel.
        
        2. (v) plot, conspire : 음모를 꾸미다
                The police didn't believe Jim intrigued with the enemy against the government.
                Police have uncovered a plot to kidnap the President's son.
                An girls, the sisters used to conspire with each other against their hated brother.
                
        
15. luxuriant
        (adj) abundant, exuberant, opulent : 호화로운, 활기 넘치는, 풍부한
                Tracts of luxuriant plant life and colonies of teeming inserts cover the Amazon river basin.
                We have abundant evidence to prove his guilt.
                The new employees have exuberant attitudes.
                The king wore opulent robes for his coronation.
                
16. magnitude
        (n) extent, measure, degree; volume, size, amplitude : 정도, 크기
                The magnitude of an earthquake is measured on the Richter Scale.
                The extent of the damage could not have been foreseen.
                I was amazed at the measure of his knowledge.
                They were all involved to a greater or lesser degree.
                
                
17. maintain
        1. (v) affirm, contend, claim : 주장하다
                Some participants maintained that their present situation was worse than before
                
        2. (v) sustain, preserve, continue, keep : 지속하다.
                J.K Rowling has maintained a private life despite the media attention she has received.
        
18. monitor
        (v) check, examine, inspect : 조사하다
                The U.S. Department of Agriculture monitors food safety.
        
19 outbreak
        1. (n) epidemic : 만연, 창궐
                The outbreak of measles came to be a serious problem.
        
        2. (n) eruption, explosion, burst : 폭발
                The outbreak of violence was a sure sign of what was to come.
        
20. periodically
        (adj) at intervals, regularly : 주기적으로
                The fire alarms are tested periodically to ensure they are working properly.
        
21. release
        1. (v) free, liberate, loose : 해방시키다
                Johnson will be released from prison tomorrow.
                
        2. (v) emit, give off, dischange, exude : 뿜다, 방출하다
                The burning of fossil fuels releases poisonous gases into the air.
                
        3. (v) loosen, untie, unfasten : (묶인것을) 풀다
                The first aid worker released the tourniquet slowly after the bleeding had stopped.
                
22. rendering
        (n) performance, presentation, rendition : 연주, 공연
                The pianist's new rendering of the piece drew rave reviews.
                
23. renowned
        (adj) famous, celebrated, eminent, prominent : 유명한
                The renowned scientist was disgraced when it was discoverd that he has lied about his work.
        
24. reproduce
        1. (v) copy, duplicate, imitate : 복제하다
                The photograph of the president slipping on ice was reproduced in all the major dailies.
                
        2. (v) breed, multiply, spawn : 번식하다
                All living organisms need to reproduce to keep their species.
                
25. rugged
        (adj) uneven, rough, bumpy : 울퉁불퉁한
                The rugged thrrain proved a challenge for the hikers.
                
26. self-suffcient
        (adj) independent : 자급자족하는, 제힘으로 살아가는
                People in Western societies are expected to be self-sufficient after graduation.
        
27. speculative
        1. (adj) theoretical, academic : 이론적인
                An exact date for the appearance of Homo sapiens remains speculative.
        
        2. (adj) thoughtful, reflective, meditative : 사색적인
                Though rather aggressive in his youth, Robert became more speculative later in life.
                
28. stimulate
        (v) prompt, activate, spur, inspire : 자극하다, 격려하다
                The New Deal included federal action to stimulate industrial recovery.
                We plan on prompt payment.
        
29. subordinate
        (adj) inferior, subject, dependent : 종속적인 ,열등한
                Law should be subordinate to morality.
                I always felt inferior to her.
                The area is heavily dependent on tourism.
                You can't be subject on your parents all your life.
                
30. torrential
        (adj) wild, violent : 격렬한
                The village was flooded after eight hours of torrential rains.
                The game was cancelled owing to violent rain.
                I had a wild time in New York.

