1. address
        1. (n) residence, abode : 주소
                A good resume should list the applicant's full name and address at the very top of the first page.
                
        2. (n) speech, lecture, discourse : 강연
                The Gettusbirg Address o;;istrates :omcp;m's sense of responsibility for others.
                
2. assume
        1. (v) undertake, take on : 맡다
                Roosevelt assumed the job of president in 1901.
                
        2. (v) put on, pretend, affect : ~인 척하다.
                The criminal assumed the identity of a dead mechanic in an attempt to elude police.
                
        3. (v) think, suppose, presume : ~라고 생각하다, 추측하다
                Roger always assumes the worst in people.
        
3. attain
        1. (v) reach : 도달하다
                Mango trees grow rapidly and can attain heights of up to 90 feet.  
        
        2. (v) achieve, accomplish : 성취하다, 이루다
                James attained national fame as a leading spokesman for human rights.
                
4. boast
        1. (n) volume, dimensions : 용적
                Muhammand Ali boasted he was the greatest boxer to ever live.
                
        2. (n) ability, flair, talent : 능력
                Jefferson had a great capacity for leadership.
                
5. capacity
        1. (n) volume, dimensions : 용적
                All of the lifeboats were filled to maximum capacity.
                
        2. (n) ability, flair, talent : 능력
                Jefferson had a great capacity for leadership.
                
6. cede
        1. (v) yield, surrender, relinquish : 양도하다, 포기하다
                After three months of heavy warfare, the French army finally ceded victory to the Spaniards.
        
7. decline
        1. (v) refuse, reject, dismiss : 거절하다
                Daniel declined to go to the movied theater with her.
        
        2. (v) decrease, fall, fail, weaken : 하락하다, 쇠퇴하다
                The singer's popularity has been declining.
                
8. desert
        (v) abandon, forsake : 버리다
                Mary was deserted by most of her friends after she was found guilty in court.
        
9. disassemble
        (v) break apart, dismantle, take apart : 분해하다
                The moving men disassembled the large cabinet so they could take it out the narrow door.
        
10. dispose
        (v) array, arrange, order : 배치하다, 배열하다
                The interior designer disposed the furniture to create a more inviting atmosphere.
                
11. dispose of
        (phr) get rid of : 처리하다
                Area residents can dispose of their Chrismas trees by dropping them off at the city's recycling center.
        
12. erode
        (v) wear away : 침식하다, 부식되다
                Water can erode even the hardest rock into dust.
        
13. fairly
        1. (adv) reasonably, moderately, tolerably, pretty : 꽤
                Mr. Caldwell arrives fairly early at work to read the newspaper before the staff arrives.
        
        2. (adv) impartially : 공정하게
                Judges are expected to conduct all cases fairly.
        
14. glossy
        (adj) shiny, bright, glazed, lustrous : 빛나는, 광택이 나는
                The customer wanted glossy prints for her holiday photographs.
        
15. grounds
        (n) reasons, rationale, root, basis : 근거, 이유
                Lawyers questioned the grounds for the judge's decision.
                
16. halmark
        (n) feature, a distinguishing trait : 특징
                Clarity is a hallmark of good writing.
                
17. ideal
        1. (adj) perfect, model, exemplary : 이상적인, 전형의
                Julia spent all day shopping with her sisters for the ideal wedding dress.
                
        2. (adj) abstract, theoretical, hypothetical : 관념적인
                The phusicist developed an ideal, purely mathematical model of cosmic light projection.
                
18. inhabit
        (v) live, occupy, dwell (abide, reside): 거주하다
                The first people to inhabit Cuba were the Ciboney, a friendly tribe related to the Arawak.
                
19. laborious
        (adj) diligent, industrious : 근면한
                Brian deserves to get that promotion since he is a laborious worker.
        
20. linger
        1. (v) remain, staym tarry : 남다
                Although almost all the guests had left the party, Stephen lingered to talk to the host.
        
        2. (v) lag, procrastinate, loiter (drag, delay) : 꾸물거리다, 질질 끌다
                Philip lingered over his work till late at night.
        
21. loathe
        (v) abhor, abominate, detest (hate) : 혐오하다
                The reclusive celebrity loathes giving interviews and being photographed.
                
22. mimic
        (v) copy, imitate, echo : 모방하다
                Many inserts mimic twigs or leaves for protection.
        
23. model
        (n) specimen, prototype, example, pattern : 견본
                Some treatments that have worked in the rat model have also been successful in humans.
        
24. observe
        1. (v) watch; perceive, notice : 관찰하다 ; 알아채다
                John observed the planets with his telescope.
        
        2. (v) conform, follow, comply : 준수하다
                The Fosters observe the tradition of a family get together every last Saturday of the month.
        
25. plentiful
        (adj) abundant, bountiful, rich : 풍부한
                Fish and plankton are plentiful in the sea.
        
26. preoccupied
        (adj) engrossed, absorbed : 몰두한
                Jessica was so preoccupied with her book that she lost track of time.
        
27. property
        1. (n) estate, havings, possession (asset) : 자산
                Albert lost all of his property in the fire.
        
        2. (n) character, characteristic, quality (feature) : 특성
                Prof. Kim was the first to explain to me the properties of gas molectules.
        
28. recurring
        (adj) recurrent : 되풀리되는
                Darcy had to see a therapist because he kept having recurring nightmares about drowning.
        
29. rooted
        (adj) ingrained, fixed, embedded : 뿌리 싶은, 정착한
                The problems of the educational system are deeply rooted in the lack of competent teachers.
        
30. thoroughly
        (adv) completely, perfectly, utterly, entirely : 철처히, 완전히
                The professor covered the subject thoroughly in class.
        
        
        
        
        
