1. agile
        (adj) quick, nimble, light : 민첩한
                Brown bears are, for such huge beasts, amazingly agile.
        
2. ample
        1. (adj) sizeable, large, spacious, vast : 넓은
                With three bedrooms and two bathrooms, the apartment provided ample space for Soren and his sister.
        
        2. (adj) plentiful, abundant : 충분한
                Richard stocks his refrigerator with an ample supply of food and beverages for unexpected guests.
                
3. arbitrarily
        (adv) randomly : 임의로
                The committee modified the rule arbitrarily.

4. attest
        (v) confirm support, prove : 입증하다
                John was hired because his past work attested his skill.

5. break with
        (phr) separate from, discontinue an association : 관계를 끊다
                Mary and Alice are going to break with the old accounting firm.

6.brightness
        (n) radiance : 빛
                The crystal glass shone with brightness.

7. conjure
        1. (v) recall : 불러내다, 상기시키다
                the log cabin conjures up images of the rugged pioneer days.
        
        2. (v) implore, supplicate : 간청하다
                Matthew conjured Sarah to car for his little daughter when he is away.

8. contrive
        (v) invent, concoct, improvise : 고안해내다
                Unable to contrive an excuse, Sarah did not respond.
        
9. correspondence
        1. (n) agreement, conformity, harmony : 일치
                All Mike can do is to show the correspondence of his words and actions.
        
        2. (n) communication, exchange of letters : 통신
                CNN reported the results of the correspondence between Bush and Blair in an official statement.

10. durable
        (adj) lasting, enduring,constant : 지속적인
                Eisenhower could not convert personal loyalty into durable support for his party.

11. dwarf
        (n) pygmy : 난쟁이
                Johnny's role in the play is one of Snow White's seven dwarfs.

12. enigmatic
        (adj) puzzling, mysterious, cryptic, perplexing : 알기 어려운
                Artist Vincent Van Gogh was known for his enigmatic personality.

13. extinct
        (adj) died out, vanished, defunct : 멸종된
                Plants and animals are becoming extinct at the fatest rate ever known in human history.

14. fabricate
        (v) make, build, construct : 만들어내다
                The Republicans fabricated stories to depict Buchanan as a traiotor.
                
15. flake
        (n) fragment, bit, chip : 파편
                As flakes of paint were falling in sections from the old ceiling, Harrison decided to repaint the entire room.

16. harm
        (n) damage, mischief, detriment : 손해
                Noise pollutiion causes a lot of physical and psychological harm.
                
17. innocent
        (adj) sinless, blameless, guiltless : 결백한
                The army killed thousands of incocent civilians.

18. in the coures of 
        (phr) during : ~ 동안에
                Jane met her boyfirend Tom in the course of one of her swimming lessons.

19. in vain
        (phr) unsuccessfully : 헛되이
                The effort to impeach the president was made in vain.

20. inconsequential
        (adj) unimportant, insignificant, petty, trifling : 하찮은, 사소한
                The assembly'sdecisions were largely inconsequential because the president held most of the power.

21. leave
        (v) depart : 떠나다
                James Joyce decided to leave Dublin in pursuit of his art.

22. liken
        (v) compare, equate, match, parallel : 비유하다
                When Jeremiah sits deep in contemplation, it is easy to liken his pose to that of Rodin's sculpture 'The Thinker.'

23. literally
        (adv) really, actually : 실제로
                The slave was literally unable to speak a word for himself.

24. moderate
        (adj) gentle, temperate, reasonable : 온건한
                The union's moderate demands allowed for a qucik resolution with the company.

25. prolong
        (v) extend, lengthem, protract : 연장하다
                Nixon was convinced that the antiwar movenment prolonged the war.

26. purify
        (v) clear, purge, cleanse : 정화하다, 깨끗이 하다
                Calgon Carbon Corp. is a maker of air and water purifying materials.

27. reasonable
        (adj) rational, logical, sensible : 이치에 맞는
                It seems reasonable to be tough on habitual criminals.
                
28. refined
        (adj) purified, clarified, distilled : 정제된
                Any grain that's not refined or polished has health benefits.

29. retain
        (v) keep, maintain, preserve : 유지(보유)하다
                Americans must retain a copy of their tax forms from the previous three years.

30. scarce
        (adj) rare, sparse; scant, deficient : 드문 ; 부족한
                Argyrodite is a relatively scarce mineral that is found only in Germany and adjoining countries.

31. scope
        (n) extent, range : 범위
                The professor explained to the class that certain subject matter was outside the scope of the course.

32. shabby
        (adj) ragged, beggarly, poor : 초라한
                Henry used to wear the shabby old hat when he worked in the corn field.

33. short-lived
        (adj) lasting for only a short period : 단기간의
                The rock star's popularity was short-lived.

34. solidify
        (v) unifym consolidate : 결속시키다
                One wonders when the two Koreas will finally sign a treaty to solidify their alliance.

35. substantial
        1. (adj) strong, sturdy, solid : 튼튼한
                The Chickasaw Indians lived in substantial wooden houses.
        
        2. (adj) significant, noticeable, considerable : 상당한
                A substantial number of adults become single parents as a result of divorce.

36. vacant
        (adj) emptym void, unoccupied : 텅 빈
                The hotle rooms are vacant during the winter months because the cold weather deters tourims.

37. wizened
        (adj) shriveled, withered, shrunken : 시든, 주름진
                The once great chief is now a wizened old man.

38. zone
        (n) area, region :  지역
                Mr. Gipson was transferred to the Panama Canal zone as an executive officer.





